Clean up glob/loc articles (#10507)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/globalization-localization/localization.md

ms.author: "ronpet"
---
# Localization

Localization is the process of translating an application's resources into localized versions for each culture that the application will support. You should proceed to the localization step only after completing the [Localizability Review](../../../docs/standard/globalization-localization/localizability-review.md) step to verify that the globalized application is ready for localization.

> An application that is ready for localization is separated into two conceptual blocks: a block that contains all user interface elements and a block that contains executable code. The user interface block contains only localizable user-interface elements such as strings, error messages, dialog boxes, menus, embedded object resources, and so on for the neutral culture. The code block contains only the application code to be used by all supported cultures. The common language runtime supports a satellite assembly resource model that separates an application's executable code from its resources. For more information about implementing this model, see [Resources in Desktop Apps](../../../docs/framework/resources/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application that is ready for localization is separated into two conceptual blocks: a block that contains all user interface elements and a block that contains executable code. The user interface block contains only localizable user-interface elements such as strings, error messages, dialog boxes, menus, embedded object resources, and so on for the neutral culture. The code block contains only the application code to be used by all supported cultures. The common language runtime supports a satellite assembly resource model that separates an application's executable code from its resources. For more information about implementing this model, see [Resources in .NET](../../../docs/framework/resources/index.md).
```
